Hans et al.,

On Sunday I continued development after Hans reset the Lab machines
to get them unstuck.

At this stage, I had the plugin essentially working with my simple
scripted GW-installer emulator.  So I tried to include the GroundWork
BitRock installer directly into the Fuel plugin.  However, the "fpb"
(Fuel Plugin Builder) tool apparently has a hardcoded assumption
that only text files will be included in a plugin; no binary
executables are allowed.  After some angst, I hacked the build
process to work around this limitation, producing an "x86_64" RPM
instead of a "noarch" RPM.  I trust that the Fuel plugin installer
on the Fuel Master will ignore this inconvenient departure from
its usual expectations.  All of my complex hacks are captured in a
top-level plugin Makefile so they can be trivially re-run at will.
If the actual GW installer is included at the proper place in the
plugin source tree, it will be included in the build and invoked
during plugin deployment.  If it is missing at build time, the
plugin will still build without complaint, and automatically
fall back to using the installer emulator at deployment time.
No other changes are needed to switch between the two contexts,
greatly speeding up and simplifying plugin development and testing.

I then found that it would be far faster to transmit trial copies
of the plugin from GroundWork-based machines than from my own
machines.  So Hans set up a VM for me to work in, and I uploaded
all the code there.  That machine turned out to be running CentOS,
in contrast to Ubuntu which I had used for prior work.  Some effort
was then spent in setting up the build environment with the correct
packages, which were different from those needed for Ubuntu, and
then in porting the build process to run properly under CentOS.
Of greatest concern was that "rpmbuild", which is invoked by "fpb",
decides on its own that all binary files in the RPM need to be
stripped of all symbol information.  Under Ubuntu, this produced
a pointless error message (since the BitRock installer is already
stripped as we get it from BitRock), and no net effect.  But under
Centos, the binary got mangled by this unasked-for processing step.
So I had to find another special workaround.  The result of all
this effort is that we have a Makefile that will work on either
platform, and documentation that shows the full setup process for
both Linux distributions.

At the end of this push for a workable build, it was 3am Monday,
and I needed to sleep.  But I left a fully-built plugin for Hans
that he can test, along with doc on the commands needed to install
and uninstall the plugin on the Fuel Master.

After the long stretch of work over the weekend, culminating in what
ought to be a workable test version of the plugin, I took some time
off on Monday and Tuesday.  I will spend time on Wednesday writing
up all the notes I took as to what I saw happen with Fuel during
all of my own trials.

Glenn
